Jen's iPhone: Hello, can you
Kathleen Marshall: Hear me
Jen's iPhone: Oh, crap.
Kathleen Marshall: Person.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, there you are. You can hear me.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. Are you able to hear me.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, but it's not on the headset like it's supposed to muscle went off.
Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: You want to try to adjust it.
Jen's iPhone: Trying
Jen's iPhone: OK, I can hear you. It's just this place was in Walmart.
Jen's iPhone: Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Picture here you are. Can you hear me now.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah. OK, now I'm
Jen's iPhone: Sorry.
Kathleen Marshall: That's okay. All right. Nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Marshall.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, I'm Jennifer
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so where are you right now.
Jen's iPhone: I'm at this place or the place to get the
Jen's iPhone: Urine and the first thing we told me is that I'm being want to cash or you're talking to $1,000 over $1,000 are divided
Jen's iPhone: Over $700 for the right way and then I finally I said have even tried to run this. Did you try to run this on my cards. She said, No, because she didn't have an order number or some funny number. So then I
Jen's iPhone: contacted us and the fact that the number of but then watch this lady standing outside the door in a Walmart waiting for to the back end so
Jen's iPhone: The test that you need.
Jen's iPhone: I don't have $2,000 for that. I don't understand why they wouldn't give me a number, yesterday.
Kathleen Marshall: Why, who wouldn't give you a number
Jen's iPhone: You please tell me to come here why they wouldn't give me whatever order number whatever number. She needed
Kathleen Marshall: So you reached back out to write hard often are they working on coordinating right now.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah, yeah. There's the facts, the very fact that it, but she you know you can only have two people in there.
Jen's iPhone: Because I this virus thing.
Jen's iPhone: And there's two people in there. So there's already a LADY LADY. And so he
Jen's iPhone: Just went ahead and do her why she's ready for the facts reviews.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, well, is this a comfortable private place for you because we have our appointment with me right now is about an hour long
Jen's iPhone: To be on you know
Jen's iPhone: We have to pause for too you know in the cup or whatever, that that would be the only the only thing the rest of the time I can talk to you. I'm, I'm not really concerned about other people and what they thinking
Jen's iPhone: Boy, or it down. So just not
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Jen's iPhone: So I've got to put my glasses back. One thing I have to get these top ones because I bricks big glasses like crazy. Okay.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: If those. Tell me about the glasses.
Kathleen Marshall: I can't hear you.
Kathleen Marshall: I can't hear you at all.
Kathleen Marshall: Still can't hear you. I can see you.
Kathleen Marshall: I can't hear you at all. You might want to try leaving the meeting and joining back in and see if that resets your audio.
Kathleen Marshall: Try if you can hear me try leaving the meeting.
Kathleen Marshall: Can you hear me.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, now I can
See, Scott.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright.
Kathleen Marshall: So tell me what's been going on with you.
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me about your strengths and what you're looking for.
Kathleen Marshall: And reaching out to
Jen's iPhone: The internet well because I I've been on the pain medicine since my surgeries. It's been maybe four and a half years, maybe five somewhere around there.
Jen's iPhone: And then I tried to do to management because of
Jen's iPhone: The
Jen's iPhone: The pain in my body is just totally insane and then they refused to work with me because of my mental health, well not not refused to me. But they wouldn't send me to a psychologist or psychiatrist instead of managing my pain, which is, therefore, I tried to do this.
Jen's iPhone: Where would be, you know, under with a doctor because I am aware, you know, my limitations in life. And so I tried to do this the right way, but then
Jen's iPhone: They did you shut me down and so
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So tell me about
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me, when did you start using pain medication, you said four and a half, five years ago.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, me.
Kathleen Marshall: And was it originally prescribed by a doctor.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, several doctors. I had surgery.
Jen's iPhone: Knee Replacement replacement
Jen's iPhone: I can show you this, but I mean,
Jen's iPhone: I'm
Kathleen Marshall: So,
Kathleen Marshall: SORRY, YOU STARTED WITH SOME DOCTORS PRESCRIBING pain medicine. What were they prescribing I just caught on.
Jen's iPhone: These are pretty severe intense surgeries and they wanted to do the other side of my body, but I, I'm not satisfied or
Jen's iPhone: The penis is different in different pain.
Kathleen Marshall: OK.
Kathleen Marshall: So now.
Kathleen Marshall: It started a much I wanted and you are prescribed by orthopedic surgeon
Jen's iPhone: Yes. Like I said, probably five
Jen's iPhone: Different surgeons. Um, but it was all the same, same facility. It was like, um, you know, if it was orthopedics but they make you go to. I just wanted one doctor and do all of it.
Jen's iPhone: But they may have to have many specialists, a shoulder person you'll have to have for my spine. I had surgery or the cut my neck and would need like the author uses up in the back of my neck.
Jen's iPhone: And then
Kathleen Marshall: To look to go to pain management after
Yes.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah, I just, I'm still in the middle but I stopped going to keep cutting me up and I like I said I'm not happy with the surgeries that I've had.
Jen's iPhone: I hadn't done when much scraping away my spine rate, the neck, the knee, the shoulder, all those I had like back to back, and then
Jen's iPhone: Anyway, that's where it was. And then I was at which I did this in management and not work. So then I just went started getting
Kathleen Marshall: Started to pain management when, when do you think that was
Jen's iPhone: Every single Sunday, the management.
Jen's iPhone: At least the first time I went, they had at least three surgeons refer me there.
Kathleen Marshall: But when was that years ago.
Jen's iPhone: No, no, no, it's two tops. I guess two years was the last time.
Jen's iPhone: That I tried a year and a half.
Jen's iPhone: Maybe two to obviously close
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and you've ever received any pain medicine from a management group.
Jen's iPhone: I know I did initially, but then they got my middle history and
Jen's iPhone: They shut me down. So I'm like I said, I tried to do this the right way. But now that a place where they
Jen's iPhone: Just like don't force the worst have ever used in my life. Or it's just it's crazy effect that has on the body is very hard with the body.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so
Kathleen Marshall: They were for you. You said to psychiatry. Then, but you weren't able to do that.
Jen's iPhone: What did they do is to me all this medicine has like $4,000 a month.
Jen's iPhone: And then they gave me
Jen's iPhone: On
Jen's iPhone: This striking. Um, I did in the medicine and gave me they were prescribed me it was like, I think.
Jen's iPhone: Three to five different medications, it was back to back. This one was working just wasn't working. And they just kept trying different one.
Kathleen Marshall: Or the payment and
Jen's iPhone: The psychiatrist.
Jen's iPhone: Like I said him. He shut me down. They shut me down.
Jen's iPhone: Okay. They referred me to first psychologists and I went to them and then I went to the psychiatrists and they got lock jaw and it was like
Jen's iPhone: Involuntary where I had no control over my army and just flat.
Jen's iPhone: It's
Jen's iPhone: only way I can describe it to you. And after that I I stopped doing that medicine. That was last June, but I'm pretty sure that June or July. So it's been a year I i'm not desire to go back to the to the psychiatrist.
Jen's iPhone: Because that's all it was. They were just got me one thing and another in the medicine wasn't working. And I didn't like the fact that it was happening to my body and I don't I i'm I'm not willing to do that.
Kathleen Marshall: Much narcotic opioid, are you using right now. And what are you using
Jen's iPhone: Us when I can find. So we get like the variety. But my on
Jen's iPhone: The, what am I not connected, I get the axes for 25 milligrams, so
Jen's iPhone: I use three three of those.
Jen's iPhone: Three to four, depending. I tried to do the minimal that I can
Hold on.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah.
Jen's iPhone: Big, big toes and then
Jen's iPhone: Like I said, I, I get different something that's
Jen's iPhone: The easiest and
Jen's iPhone: The one that I get the most
Kathleen Marshall: And he said, What tells what prescription or 25 milligrams
Jen's iPhone: Yeah. That's what he said.
Kathleen Marshall: oxy cotton 25 milligrams for tab.
Jen's iPhone: You have three I tried to just do three okay because I just started out with one but it's it's at a place where it's like, I just
Kathleen Marshall: Retired
Kathleen Marshall: All at once in the morning.
Jen's iPhone: When you get done. Yes, yes.
Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Just the way they work.
Kathleen Marshall: When's the last time you you
Kathleen Marshall: Use them.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And you said you use when you can. So are you experiencing a lot of withdrawal.
Yes.
Jen's iPhone: I do if I know I don't have to go out
Jen's iPhone: And get more medicine and then it's
Jen's iPhone: You know, it's, it's crazy. And I'm trying not to.
Jen's iPhone: It's just getting too.
Kathleen Marshall: So did that using the drugs that start four years ago when you were in an orthopedic
Jen's iPhone: Yes, yes.
Jen's iPhone: Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: So before that, when, when you were a child and you're a teenager in your 20s.
Kathleen Marshall: Did you have any substance problems.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, yes I did. But it was the only thing that I I used
Jen's iPhone: I didn't like I didn't like the feeling of other stuff we tied it I didn't drink it at that point, I never drank it to my last divorce.
Jen's iPhone: And others in my 40s. And I did that one period. But yeah, there's only one and it was PCP. That was the only drug and it was from the age of 12 to my 20s. When I had my kids, and then I'll have relapses a couple times in my life.
Jen's iPhone: I did very well. Whenever I clean up. I did do, like, five to seven years.
Jen's iPhone: Minimum is five and then seven was the longest
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
And I never did.
Jen's iPhone: I never did those until the surgeries.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So originally starting at
Kathleen Marshall: 12 what's PCP into your 20th
Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: And then you were off of that for a while. Did you get into other substances amphetamines like math or
Jen's iPhone: No, I mean,
Jen's iPhone: I didn't like that. Like I said, I you know when you're young, you got a lot of people try to tell you try this, try this, you know, but I didn't.
Jen's iPhone: I didn't like
Jen's iPhone: The way.
Jen's iPhone: I didn't like I didn't feel I didn't feel anything. Students whatever everybody else was
Jen's iPhone: It wasn't for me.
Kathleen Marshall: As the opioid use them just for the past four to five years, or where their periods without
Kathleen Marshall: Us, you
Jen's iPhone: Know, never
Jen's iPhone: I never, I never liked to
Kathleen Marshall: Master the PCP with also alcohol. You said with our alcohol problem.
Jen's iPhone: No, not until I just said to a really bad divorce.
Jen's iPhone: Very bad marriage wishes, when
Jen's iPhone: He was very, very psychotic, I would work.
Jen's iPhone: 16 hours a day. I'm coming from workout be locked out the code brain. I tell the bill and he would have like hangman nooses and
Jen's iPhone: That's just like the tip of it.
Jen's iPhone: And
Jen's iPhone: When I left him. Then I drink, but it was
Jen's iPhone: Okay, I need to start drinking like normal person. I just got, like, take it out of the bottle.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, then I ended up going to
Jen's iPhone: A treatment center where it was 18 months and I did 16 of it.
Jen's iPhone: And then I was, I found a really good church and I was involved in missions and I absolutely love that.
Jen's iPhone: Nicaragua Mexico.
Why years
Kathleen Marshall: Ago.
Jen's iPhone: 2000 2012
Jen's iPhone: Okay. Yeah. And then I was cleaning up until the surgery stuff.
Jen's iPhone: smoking. Smoking
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, great.
Kathleen Marshall: Over the past 45 years been causing any problems in your work or relationship.
Jen's iPhone: Why don't work anymore. Since the surgeries. I just my body. I can't
Kathleen Marshall: Are you on disability.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: How about any problems. This is causing your relationships or day to day
Jen's iPhone: Activities, why can't function the way I used to. It's like, you know,
Jen's iPhone: I can't, I can't do anything. And I'm sick.
Jen's iPhone: I eat up to
Jen's iPhone: Screen.
Jen's iPhone: Out. I mean this is just absolutely crazy.
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me about your past medical history.
Kathleen Marshall: Any. Yes, go ahead.
Jen's iPhone: I've had a lot of surgeries.
Kathleen Marshall: Starting with surgery just medical issues.
Jen's iPhone: I've been pretty healthy and strong my life.
Jen's iPhone: To say
Jen's iPhone: I'm had five kids I've had them back to back.
Jen's iPhone: Just the love of my life. I mean, that's what inspired me to go to college and to begin with.
Kathleen Marshall: Diabetes.
Jen's iPhone: No, no.
Kathleen Marshall: Problem.
Jen's iPhone: No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, how about lung problem.
Jen's iPhone: No, I actually just had a pulmonary doctor thing within the last year. And she said, My lungs are better than a lot of people that never smoked so
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I
Jen's iPhone: Understand that but
Kathleen Marshall: Our primary doctor
Jen's iPhone: Told to go to parameter for something else. I think
Jen's iPhone: I'm not sure, but it was one on my have they wanted like you're tackling the what a blood work and me to go to a pulmonary doctor and
Jen's iPhone: And that was crazy. It was, you know, they did this.
Jen's iPhone: Other stuff just to tell me that. And I didn't understand. But I did, I did what they asked me to do so.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, any history of urinary tract infections or kidney problem.
Kathleen Marshall: No, ma'am. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And tell me he said the psychiatric history. What diagnoses. Have you had
Jen's iPhone: To diagnose me I have complex PTSD.
Jen's iPhone: I was severely abused.
Jen's iPhone: For
Jen's iPhone: Well, that's why.
Jen's iPhone: I did.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, and
Jen's iPhone: My like
Jen's iPhone: I didn't really care about.
Jen's iPhone: How much I was really interested in the world and things have
Kathleen Marshall: BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH ANYTHING ELSE psychiatric bipolar.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah, they diagnosed
Jen's iPhone: Bipolar depression.
Jen's iPhone: Oh my gosh, there is like a list of stuff and I don't agree with any of it because I do have the one psychologist that I have seen he recommended this one book.
Jen's iPhone: Club, which it's just for
Jen's iPhone: Complex PTSD and I gave him the name of it yesterday. I'm not at my house. So I have my bed.
Jen's iPhone: Myself in that in there.
Jen's iPhone: Is definitely me and my struggle.
And
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah, that's definitely me so
I agree.
Kathleen Marshall: Any history of suicide attempts.
Jen's iPhone: When I was young, not, not after I had had the baby's not
Jen's iPhone: Absolutely, yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And how did you do that.
Jen's iPhone: Oh, lots of different ways.
Jen's iPhone: It's, um,
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have any
Jen's iPhone: No, I don't. I don't like guns.
Kathleen Marshall: With your spouse currently
Yes.
Jen's iPhone: He's awesome and amazing. I met
Kathleen Marshall: This is not the abusive husband.
Jen's iPhone: No, no, I
Jen's iPhone: Haven't seen her TALK TO HIM. And praise God 656 years, something like that.
Kathleen Marshall: Any thoughts of suicide or hurting yourself.
Jen's iPhone: Oh no man like I've laid too many beautiful grandchildren. I'm just found out two days ago I missed. I didn't
Jen's iPhone: Know, I love the babies, the babies.
Jen's iPhone: Those, those are the most precious precious things. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay, and you've never been on Suboxone before
Jen's iPhone: On the streets. I bought
Jen's iPhone: Stuff on the street. So yeah. No. No. Never. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Jen's iPhone: And no
Kathleen Marshall: No heart problem palpitations.
Jen's iPhone: No, ma'am.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Now, tell me about your surgeries.
Jen's iPhone: Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Started with the first ones were with the kids. I had
Jen's iPhone: One emergency C section. Another C section after that emergency d&c because I missed bled to death after giving birth.
Jen's iPhone: So, and then I had three sold shoulder surgeries sutures and screws and stuff in my arm, because it would dislocate two to three times a week, I was working on records at the time actually went to college here. I did really well for point L its head of my class I don't work for
Jen's iPhone: Mixing in Mansfield everything but the doctors told me if I kept working
Jen's iPhone: So that was really hard.
Jen's iPhone: That was really hard.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: We have to get through everything.
Kathleen Marshall: So that's shoulder surgeries, the emergency C section. What other surgeries.
Jen's iPhone: Gold lettering medieval
Jen's iPhone: I've had
Jen's iPhone: collarbone broken and accident.
Jen's iPhone: So the I still have the reason they're from that then I had the knee replacement shoulder replacement. The next. I don't know what it was called the cut my neck to the front and they put like my windpipe or something side and then they scraped the back in there going,
Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah, I had that
Jen's iPhone: I had to totals in the wrist.
Jen's iPhone: I think that's like the worst had historically had cancer before CERTAINLY FINE. You could get
Jen's iPhone: Your mother.
Jen's iPhone: Was inherited certain em wasn't colon cancer. Specifically, you can only inherited from the mother works.
Jen's iPhone: I've never had cancer. Since I do get my colonoscopies every two to three years.
Jen's iPhone: And the survivor.
Kathleen Marshall: So, and then you had some
Kathleen Marshall: Some kind of cancer.
Jen's iPhone: Oh yeah, they cut out a piece of my testing. That was a very heart surgery.
Jen's iPhone: Colon cancer. No, this is specifically you can only inherited from your mother.
Jen's iPhone: Starts at the end. And what they cut out a piece of my intestine.
Jen's iPhone: And I couldn't eat for like seven days. I couldn't even drink water. I couldn't do it.
Kathleen Marshall: But it was some kind of cancer. You're just not sure
Jen's iPhone: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And it was no testing, but not in touch and chapter
Jen's iPhone: Yeah, why not, no.
Jen's iPhone: Not in terms of cancer. Everybody says colon cancer, but it's, you know, that's why people refer to. So I guess if that's what you want, but that's what that's what cancer was that's what they did cut a piece in test it out. So, but it's only
Jen's iPhone: The only way you can get it installed inheriting it from your mother. Specifically, that's when we can get it.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me about your family history, your mother and father are they just our health today have health issues.
Jen's iPhone: I don't really know. I don't know. My father are many, many times in my life and my mother was very since the day I was born. She was know every day.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Jen's iPhone: How much I was he didn't
Jen's iPhone: Talk to her.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: You don't talk to your mother at all.
Jen's iPhone: For
Jen's iPhone: 20 years
Okay.
Jen's iPhone: I don't live in that area. I haven't thought about me south, and I did really well.
Jen's iPhone: To this surgery stuff.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Kevin sorry my note bumped up and trying to get back in here.
Kathleen Marshall: And how about your father's house. Did you know your father.
Jen's iPhone: One time
Jen's iPhone: Was 15 years old I hitchhiked to the state where he lived. And I left and I have no desire to ever in contact with them ever again. So
I
Jen's iPhone: Don't know anything about his family, nothing.
Kathleen Marshall: OK.
OK.
Jen's iPhone: The one thing I wanted to ask you about before, because I don't find a provider to my insurance.
Jen's iPhone: There. The guy was telling me that I am responsible to pay cash for all this stuff. And my husband did agree yesterday to paper so I can talk to you today. And that's basically. So I'm trying not to keep on doing doing this, like,
Jen's iPhone: I really need help and
Jen's iPhone: So, but I didn't realize that my insurance. I've never heard anybody doesn't deal with Blue Cross Blue Shield where Medicare but your insurance. I mean, you're you don't accept my charts and
Jen's iPhone: Whatever tiny nearly
Jen's iPhone: So I planted one switching everything by I didn't know until after the fact, last night when I call them back or somebody six o'clock I waited all day for a response. And they did not get back with me. So I could like
Jen's iPhone: Wanting somebody else or anything, but I'm at a place where I'm either going to have to go back out.
Jen's iPhone: And get started, or detox it. I'm not going to do any place where I gotta go to a hospital or any kind of facility with this this thing on. I'm healthy. I stay home.
Jen's iPhone: So I don't really be around people. This is
Jen's iPhone: Most I've been out and about for a long time. So,
Kathleen Marshall: I'm not sure what you're telling me, are you saying you don't
Kathleen Marshall: Want to be with the program, you want to be.
Jen's iPhone: What are you know
Jen's iPhone: I, I, do I want to be in the program. I just, I don't feel that I don't think that I can afford to pay for all the group stop all this stuff.
Jen's iPhone: That's, I want to change to fight tonight. I'm just gonna ask you, it
Jen's iPhone: You know, and find a person that works with my insurance, but I don't know how long that's going to take with this Corona thing. So if you could please be mindful that I
Jen's iPhone: Like cash for of this of these meetings and stop the person talk to him the phone to to ask to talk to you that we could do one on one with or I could just do one on one with you where you can just do a Dr.
Jen's iPhone: Joshua was it Dr meeting because of meetings individual meeting.
Jen's iPhone: The psychiatrist or psychologist or all that I didn't get to all that stuff in the past two years. I don't need to talk to a psychologist, you just keep talking about the same thing over and over and over.
Jen's iPhone: And it's also from the past, when I was a kid I did very well in my my entire life, me and God
Kathleen Marshall: Let me tell you about our programs and
Kathleen Marshall: You know, so the program is the is the treatment of your opioid disorder with medication that's my part as a physician, but to dispense medication with my license to do it. Medically in
Kathleen Marshall: The appropriate way.
Kathleen Marshall: Component of social support and psychological support. Not that they're going to delve into your childhood and bring up all of those issues more that they're going to talk about your current coping strategies.
Kathleen Marshall: How you deal with craving how you deal with side effects.
Kathleen Marshall: What happens when you possibly need a surgery and
Kathleen Marshall: How will you support yourself with being on medication, but not being on opioids, that kind of things.
Jen's iPhone: So,
Kathleen Marshall: I understand what you're saying about the delving into childhood. But there does need to be a component of support, like our system. So what let
Jen's iPhone: Me.
Jen's iPhone: Get this all figured out. Because this is a lot of money, especially, I can just take this test.
Jen's iPhone: To
Kathleen Marshall: See how that's being
Kathleen Marshall: Worked out with with them. But tell me you have five children.
Jen's iPhone: Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, full term pregnancies.
Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: Any miscarriages.
Kathleen Marshall: Know,
Kathleen Marshall: Any abortion.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And what medications are you currently taking
Kathleen Marshall: I've lost your audio.
Kathleen Marshall: I can't hear you.
Kathleen Marshall: I have lost your audio. I can't hear you.
Kathleen Marshall: Can you hear me.
Jen's iPhone: Can you hear me now.
Kathleen Marshall: Now, I hear you.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, well I have taught phone to my ear this speaker thing is just not working to set set thing. I think it's from the probably the security and stuff inside a Walmart. I just
Jen's iPhone: This, I had no idea. This is where I was just as how the Dave is going to be, but this is this is where the places. And so this is what it is. So,
Kathleen Marshall: You knew you had a 930 appointment. Oh. Correct.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, ma'am. And I made the putting it as soon as I could but my husband works excessively he's data center manager for at AMP t
Jen's iPhone: And his schedule. This was the one that fitted. This morning I got the earliest appointment. But these people are really behind because of the corona thing there could only be two people in in that space at a time.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right. You didn't
Kathleen Marshall: You didn't need to have the blood work done.
Kathleen Marshall: At this appointment.
Jen's iPhone: Know they were they told me I had to have this done in the UAE done that, that I was told that yesterday, more than more than once, and
Kathleen Marshall: Not at the same time as our meeting. Can you tell me what medications you're on.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah, that's what I was at take medication for my colonoscopy gave me
Jen's iPhone: My person to hear my husband's side.
Jen's iPhone: It's a Stoic medicine.
Jen's iPhone: And I'm prescribed Wellbutrin from, um, I called my doctor
Jen's iPhone: That's what I call them, but I don't really take that because it's not again. It was another place. I went to for help and I did learn a lot about nutrition and stuff like that and
Jen's iPhone: They had me when they tried lots of different things to
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me that.
Kathleen Marshall: You're currently taking
Jen's iPhone: Right doesn't tell you it's called Oh Oh ma. Pause Oh, hold on.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, first of all,
Kathleen Marshall: I know that medicine. Oh, my friends all how many milligrams
I'm
Jen's iPhone: Oh yeah, it's 20 milligrams. Sorry. It's right there in front of me looking at me.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I'm at all. What other medicine.
Jen's iPhone: They, like I said, they prescribed me Wellbutrin which I don't take the way that they say I just want to know, I take it, like if I'm feeling like excessively hungry.
Kathleen Marshall: And you're saying a doctor for weight loss.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, yes. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you see a primary care doctor
Jen's iPhone: I like it. That's kind of hard. I switched primary care doctors, a year and a half ago.
Jen's iPhone: And I only seen the lady, maybe three times and then she just left. And so I'm still going to be working with the
Jen's iPhone: With them Advance Care. I think it's what it's called. I like this. I'm not a home. I don't have my numbers. I didn't know this was going to take this long and be. I just thought I was gonna go give some blood and pee. And this is just this is what it's turned into this morning.
Jen's iPhone: So I
Kathleen Marshall: I have to marry you, on any other medicine.
Jen's iPhone: No. No, ma'am, I take
Kathleen Marshall: An allergy medicine you
Jen's iPhone: Know, one of the pain meds gave me some kind of rash thing or something. I don't remember the name of it.
Kathleen Marshall: You don't know which medicine, give you a rash.
Jen's iPhone: No, it was one of the pain as one of the first team medicines that they gave me
Jen's iPhone: If
Jen's iPhone: I had some kind of reaction or something to it. That's why they changed it to
Jen's iPhone: The hydromorphone that was basically the medicine that the stuff with through all my surgeries.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And do you feel you're
Jen's iPhone: Not really. I mean,
Jen's iPhone: I
Jen's iPhone: I don't have feeling in my fingers.
Jen's iPhone: I i
Jen's iPhone: Don't I have a hard time with my hands is so i i know that you
Why
Kathleen Marshall: The surgeries. The back surgery.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay. All right then, Tommy. What's your height.
Jen's iPhone: 595 you got
Your way.
Jen's iPhone: Down to 172 okay
Kathleen Marshall: So that the Suboxone that we prescribe on you know you've had it occasionally off the street, it is a opioid partial what we call partial medication, so to say.
Kathleen Marshall: latches onto all those opioid receptors in your brain.
Kathleen Marshall: But doesn't cause the same high and so it helps curb cravings for the actual narcotic. The Percocet, the oxy cotton, the heroin, any of those
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, and
Kathleen Marshall: And kind of keep you from having those cravings allow you to be functional in your life, it's combined with naloxone which
Kathleen Marshall: That medication if you inject it if you somehow take the Suboxone and use it to inject it that is will completely block all of the opioid receptors and it will put you into full withdrawal.
Kathleen Marshall: So that's putting the medication to prevent people from trying to get high off, off the buprenorphine part, the beauty part
Jen's iPhone: Yeah. Doesn't they don't do needles. I never have. I don't. I just, I know a lot of people that have died and pretty much when they get to that state they die. Anybody. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, I've never, I've never, never messed with that and I have no intention.
Kathleen Marshall: You ever notice
Jen's iPhone: Until now.
Jen's iPhone: I've never had any overdoses in my life ever wear anything. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So the film that we prescribe. It's a film and you put it under your tongue and you let it dissolve completely it sometimes can take 10 to 20 minutes to dissolve, but you want to wait till it's fully dissolved and when it goes in that way.
Kathleen Marshall: You don't get it when it goes under the tongue than the buprenorphine is absorbed into your body and will work the right way, if you
Kathleen Marshall: Do it, it doesn't work so
Kathleen Marshall: Hard to take it under the tongue.
Kathleen Marshall: And then, like I said, then the last part is in it. And when that goes under your tongue. It doesn't cause a problem and it won't affect you.
Kathleen Marshall: It's just there for safeguarding
Kathleen Marshall: To keep your own, you know,
Kathleen Marshall: Or from people trying to get the medicine from you.
Kathleen Marshall: So the way that you start, what we call, taking it in induction is that you want to prescribe you the film. It comes in.
Kathleen Marshall: It comes like this and you can cut it with scissors in half and in quarters, so
Kathleen Marshall: With the amount of medicine. You're on. You're at a risk of withdrawal when you start to buprenorphine because it will latch on to all those receptors and knock off the opioid
Jen's iPhone: Right.
Kathleen Marshall: When you first pick it. You want to be in a moderate amount of withdrawal. You want to have at least three symptoms.
Kathleen Marshall: Of withdrawal, including runny nose, nausea, diarrhea, feeling real agitated or your eyes looking your pupils looking really big you want
Kathleen Marshall: At least for you taking the long acting
Kathleen Marshall: 12 to 24 hours of withdrawal. Okay, feeling those symptoms and then take the first part of the buprenorphine. You start on a quarter obviously take that two milligrams there and see how you feel after one hour, you can take another two milligrams
Kathleen Marshall: At that point you will have taken half of the film. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, because you want to make sure that first dose doesn't knock you into full withdraw.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, because then you'll be very uncomfortable. I'm sure you know what withdrawals feel
Jen's iPhone: Yes, yes.
Kathleen Marshall: So a little bit you know of discomfort is OK. As you're starting it, you can take some Tylenol. If you need for headaches or body.
Kathleen Marshall: But then, you know, using the the medication. So then throughout that day you'll take continue to take that buprenorphine and you'll probably take the full amount for the day.
Kathleen Marshall: And you'll have that eight milligrams. And then the next day starts at eight milligrams a whole film in the morning and another whole film.
Kathleen Marshall: In the evening.
Kathleen Marshall: Most of the time. That's a good dose for people at it covers most of the receptors in the brain. But when we touch base. Again, we can see if that's working for you to curb your cravings.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And you can check in sooner. You know, if you're having problems or issues.
Kathleen Marshall: Reach out right heart health.
Kathleen Marshall: Right. There's no way for me to see you. One more time, because I just need to kind of look
Kathleen Marshall: Over eyes and faith. Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, hold on.
Jen's iPhone: So bring your eyes color. I can hear you now. Hold on.
One sec.
Jen's iPhone: Okay I can't hear you at all. So, what, what did you just say
Kathleen Marshall: Can you bring your eyes forward so I can see them.
Jen's iPhone: Okay. Say that one more time.
Kathleen Marshall: Bring your eyes forward so I can see them.
Jen's iPhone: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Like that.
Kathleen Marshall: Do that pull them down.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Stick your tongue out.
Kathleen Marshall: Stick your tongue out. Just do what I'm doing.
Kathleen Marshall: Good touch your neck.
Kathleen Marshall: And now.
Post on your belly.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, I didn't hear that. I can't see you. I have a partial picture and I can see your hands.
Kathleen Marshall: Push on your belly.
Kathleen Marshall: And see if there's any pain.
Jen's iPhone: Not really.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And then let me see your ankles.
Kathleen Marshall: Either hold the phone to your ankles.
Kathleen Marshall: Or bring your foot up.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Move your arms around. Show me how
Kathleen Marshall: You can move your arms.
Jen's iPhone: Okay. Was that good.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. And now, show me how you can move your arm.
Jen's iPhone: And I have problems with my right arm. Well, anyway.
Jen's iPhone: That's all the motion I have in that arm.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Turn your head side to side.
Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Okay, and
Kathleen Marshall: Do we have your email information.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, ma'am. But I do better if you text it because I am like almost a million emails until I don't really do the emails, it will be better if you send me stuff text because I get all the links and stuff I
Jen's iPhone: Had to do is push on. It's the same stuff as emails. If I don't have to go to try to find you and all that stuff.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I'll try the one message. I said, may have to be your email, but it'll just let you know.
Kathleen Marshall: Our virtual clinic. I'll see if I can send it via text message. I'm not sure.
Kathleen Marshall: Also I'll give you a prescription for Narc can which is the nasal that goes in as for overdose use if you had an accidental overdose. It's just something we always strive when we're starting buprenorphine.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I'll send you a link for how to use that. But hopefully you won't need it, but it's something space to. How about your house.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And then I'll send you a link with you'll be doing a survey every week before your session.
Kathleen Marshall: That's July 15 minutes survey and we'll have you fill that out.
Kathleen Marshall: Right.
Kathleen Marshall: So I did get ya.
Jen's iPhone: Know they did say something about urine. There has to be something in the mail for urine. So do I do that every week or does. I have a destruction.
Kathleen Marshall: Once a month.
Kathleen Marshall: The important thing is, it'll come in the package. Don't open the package.
Jen's iPhone: Right, right.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, wait until you check in with heart health. They'll have you open it in front of them and then they'll go do the sample and hold it up.
Jen's iPhone: Oh, okay. All right. Yeah, no problem.
Kathleen Marshall: month or so that it will arrive, but then it
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And then the group meeting is looking like it might be Tuesdays at 7pm. They'll coordinate that schedule with you. I will follow up with you at that meeting as well and pull you out and see how you're doing.
Kathleen Marshall: And then we can keep going with the medication. Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, so that is this Tuesday at seven.
Kathleen Marshall: Hopefully it will be I'll have them reach out to you. They may if they haven't coordinated with you with your insurance and everything and figuring out cost, then I don't know that you'll be scheduled that but that's the time that we're looking at.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah, they've already went to the insurance stuff and stuff. That's why I was saying, asking you to please be mindful that
Jen's iPhone: They're basically saying I have to pay $12,000 because they cover anything both insurances which I've never heard of. I've never been told that
Jen's iPhone: I have to do a $12,000 deductible, which I already have deductibles on both of them. It's almost
Jen's iPhone: I just down to $500 so but they're telling me I have to go through a whole 12,000 with your program before the insurance will pay anything. So that's why I was asking you, please, be mindful that have to pay
Jen's iPhone: For everything
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, I'm not, I'm not sure. I'll reach out to them about that as well.
Kathleen Marshall: So do you have questions about, about the use of the Suboxone the view or questions about how to start
Jen's iPhone: No, no you you've been very thorough I write everything down. So I haven't gone and I have my notebook great my hand.
Kathleen Marshall: OK. OK.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm going to send that medication to your pharmacy.
Kathleen Marshall: And it will be available, Dan. Let's see here.
Kathleen Marshall: Proper pharmacy.
Kathleen Marshall: The CVS on
Jen's iPhone: Alexander Tw Tw Alexander
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And then
Kathleen Marshall: You mentioned, I forgot to document this that you quit smoking.
Jen's iPhone: No, I did before I had the surgeries and
Jen's iPhone: It was about two years into the being having the surgeries. I started smoking again. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Five years
Jen's iPhone: Excuse me.
Kathleen Marshall: How much are you smoking currently
Jen's iPhone: Have back to a pack.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right. So at some point we'll talk in the future again about quitting. You can just get that in your thoughts that you've done it before.
Kathleen Marshall: Right now focus on this starting on the Suboxone and getting yourself to a good place.
Kathleen Marshall: Right and not having to worry about finding you know opioids than finding anything off the street because this
Kathleen Marshall: Is prescribed and it will curb your cravings.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. So, so what I want to send that over now. And after you get your blood work and and that you should be able to to get that today. Hopefully, okay.
Jen's iPhone: Yes, I don't, I'm not sure what the hang up is, I've been out here this whole time and this lady is
Jen's iPhone: She's just like not even calling me and I'm not, I'm not understanding that there's there's been two or three other people that came in here and went, so I'm not getting this
Kathleen Marshall: I don't know either. If I'm
Kathleen Marshall: Able to have our meeting.
Jen's iPhone: The fact that I'm
Jen's iPhone: Okay, she's talking. She needs a diagnosis because she keeps saying she needs a diagnosis. The Diary to gave everyone but
Jen's iPhone: And she's not even coming out and telling me or anything. Like I said, this
Jen's iPhone: This is probably the worst place.
Jen's iPhone: I've ever King again something. So do you have the diagnosis could say give it to her.
Kathleen Marshall: She needs a diagnosis is
Jen's iPhone: Okay, wait a second, I can write this down. Opioid
Kathleen Marshall: opioid dependence.
Jen's iPhone: Oh do dependent
Kathleen Marshall: And actually looking for. I'm not sure if she's looking for an ICD nine code, you can tell her.
Kathleen Marshall: One. One.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, wait a second x
Kathleen Marshall: Know, as in Frank
Jen's iPhone: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Ask one
Jen's iPhone: Point one like like a period point
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, it's looking for
Jen's iPhone: Okay, let me get opiate
Jen's iPhone: Dependence
Jen's iPhone: X. Yeah, one one dot one
Kathleen Marshall: Or actually
Jen's iPhone: different.to.to instead of one.
Jen's iPhone: Yeah okay so that's all she needs because she went back in there and shut the door again she just keeps going with other people out here and it's just totally ignored me and be very rude.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm telling you guys live
Kathleen Marshall: Here, maybe because of why we're on the phone to I'm
Kathleen Marshall: Yes or no.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'll have you hang up. But then check back in later with a virtual clinic. Maybe when you're at home, and I'll have you do the BAM. Okay.
Jen's iPhone: So how do we do
Kathleen Marshall: That assessment, the survey.
Jen's iPhone: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: But I want you to take care of the labs. Now, since you're there.
Jen's iPhone: Right, I'm trying to
Kathleen Marshall: Check back into the virtual clinic. I'll let them know you'll be coming back in later. Okay.
Jen's iPhone: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right. Okay. Okay.
Jen's iPhone: blood work right now I just need
Jen's iPhone: The urine.
Kathleen Marshall: Well you you need it within the first week or so starting so you're there, I would do it. I just met you didn't need it. Before I talk to
Jen's iPhone: Okay. All right. Okay.
Jen's iPhone: That's all. Because like I said, I'm gonna try to grab her the next time she comes out, because this is just wrong. I had an appointment.
Jen's iPhone: Okay, and she's just totally
Jen's iPhone: Like I said, it's because of what let's anyway. All right. Thank you.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. Okay. All right. We're here for you. I will talk to you soon.
Kathleen Marshall: Bye.
Jen's iPhone: All right. Thank you. Bye.